README.md, before:

#JWT on PHP
 ---
 
##Disclaimer

By no means should this code ever be used in production ready applications nor be executed on production servers. No security checks and/or validations were enforced. This code was written for educational purposes only, having the scope to showcase basic functionality. Performance, efficiency, security, or reusability were not a priority.

##Install

Run `composer install` to install all the library dependencies.

Please create a config file `config/config.php` with the desired signing key and your MySQL database credentials.  You can use the file `config/config.php.dist` as a template.

Additionally create the following table in your database:

```
CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS `users` (
  `id` int(11) NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
  `username` varchar(255) NOT NULL,
  `password` varchar(255) NOT NULL,
  PRIMARY KEY (`id`),
  UNIQUE KEY `username` (`username`)
) ENGINE=MyISAM  DEFAULT CHARSET=utf8;
```

`id` and `username` fields should be pretty straight forward.  The `password` field has to be generated using the [`password_hash()`](http://php.net/manual/en/function.password-hash.php) function in PHP

Commit message:

adding docker files (#15) (#16)
* adding docker files

* fixes to readme file

README.md, after:

# JWT on PHP
 
## Disclaimer

**By no means should this code should ever be used in production ready applications nor be executed on production servers**. No security checks and/or validations were enforced. This code was written **for educational purposes only**, having the scope to showcase basic functionality. Performance, efficiency, security, or reusability **were not a priority**.

## Install

Run `docker-compose build --force-rm; docker-compose up -d` to build the application using docker

Run the following command to retrieve composer dependencies:
```
docker run --rm --interactive --tty \
    --volume $PWD:/app \
    --user $(id -u):$(id -g) \
    composer install
```

Please create a config file `config/config.php` with the desired signing key and your MySQL database credentials.  You can use the file `config/config.php.dist` as a template.

Additionally create the following table in your database, you can connect to it through port 8082:

```
CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS `users` (
  `id` int(11) NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
  `username` varchar(255) NOT NULL,
  `password` varchar(255) NOT NULL,
  PRIMARY KEY (`id`),
  UNIQUE KEY `username` (`username`)
) ENGINE=MyISAM  DEFAULT CHARSET=utf8;
```

`id` and `username` fields should be pretty straight forward.  The `password` field has to be generated using the [`password_hash()`](http://php.net/manual/en/function.password-hash.php) function in PHP 

Open a browser window, and go to http://localhost:8080 to see the application running.
